+++
title = "Explaining travel distance dureing same-day visits"
date = 2013-07-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Wynen"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Tourism Management*"
publication_short = "In *Tourism Management*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Distance travelled is a recurrent determinant of expenditures during same-day visits and destination choice. Identifying the factors determining distance travelled will thus lead to a better understanding of expenditures and location choice, which is of interest from a policy and economic perspective. By applying a specific analytical framework which explicitly considers the different workings of socio-demographic factors on the decision to go on a same-day visit as well as the distance related effects of a same-day visit, we are able to investigate the effects of both socio demographic and same-day visit related variables on distance travelled. The empirical results highlight that gender, time spent, age, education and information source are important determinants of travel distance during same-day visits."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0261517712002178"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++


