+++
title = "Internal performance-based steering in public sector organizations: examining the effect of organizational autonomy and external result control."
date = 2016-07-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Wynen","Koen Verhoest"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Public Performance & Management Review*"
publication_short = "In *Public Performance & Management Review*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The use of performance management techniques by public sector organizations is believed to lead to a more efficient and better-performing public sector. Using multicountry survey data, this article provides an understanding of the effect of organizational autonomy and external result control on the use of internal performance-based steering toward lower hierarchical levels in public sector organizations. Results show that result control matters, as does financial management autonomy, but no effects can be observed for personnel management autonomy."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = ["PhD"]`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/15309576.2015.1137769"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++


