+++
title = "Improving dynamics or destroying human capital? The nexus between excess turnover and performance"
date = 2017-07-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Wynen", "Bjorn Kleizen"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Review of Managerial Science*"
publication_short = "In *Review of Managerial Science*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The flow of employees leaving the organization and the necessity of finding and training suitable replacements is an important issue in the day-to-day management of organizations. However, the body of research empirically examining the exact effects of such employee flows on the performance of organizations remains relatively underdeveloped. This article aims to increase our understanding of this topic by unraveling the link between excess employee turnover—a concept incorporating both the entry and exit of employees—and the performance of US public sector organizations. The results indicate that a linear negative relationship between excess employee turnover and performance surfaces in a time-lagged manner. This finding first of all suggests that human resource management should continue to devote attention to turnover and employee retention, and secondly implies that researchers should specifically take into account potential medium to long-term effects when studying excess turnover."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = ["PhD"]`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11846-017-0249-9"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++


