+++
title = "An estimation of the determinants of same-day visit expenditures in Belgium"
date = 2013-07-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Wynen"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Tourism Economics*"
publication_short = "In *Tourism Economics*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Few studies have attempted to identify predictors for spending behaviour on same-day visits. A good understanding of these predictors, however, could serve as a guide for the planning of marketing campaigns, could help in increasing the economic benefits of day trips and could be of interest from a policy perspective. Thus the main objective of this study is to investigate the effects of a wide range of socio-demographic and same-day visit related variables on the volumes and probabilities of same-day visit expenditures. Using a unique dataset on same-day visits in Belgium, the empirical results highlight that the duration of a same-day visit, age, information, education and motivation are important determinants of same-day visit expenditures."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.5367/te.2013.0190"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++


