+++
title = "Linking Turnover to Organizational Performance: The Role of Process Conformance"
date = 2019-12-30T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Wynen", "Wouter van Dooren", "Jan Mattijs", "Carl Deschamps"  ]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Public Management Review (PMR)*"
publication_short = "Forthcoming in *Public Management Review*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Forthcoming; Despite substantial evidence for the negative effect of turnover on performance, several studies also note offsetting positive effects hereby recognizing an optimal rate of turnover. These mixed results stress the need to examine under which conditions turnover is more harmful or beneficial to the organization. Using panel data from 30 divisions of the same agency, this study examines the impact of process conformance - the extent to which there are prescribed standards and rules related to the task. Results support a non-linear, inverted U shape relationship for those tasks with a high process conformance."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/14719037.2018.1503704"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
