+++
title = "Decentralization within public sector organizations: do organizational autonomy and result control lead to decentralization towards lower hierarchical levels?"
date = 2014-07-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Wynen", "Koen Verhoest", "Kristin Rübecksen"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Public Performance & Management Review*"
publication_short = "In *Public Performance & Management Review*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Decentralization of managerial authority in public organizations, from top management to lower hierarchical levels, is believed to lead to more committed and empowered middle and lower managers and consequently to improved organizational performance. This article provides an empirical understanding of the effect of organizational autonomy and result control on internal decentralization of managerial decision-making in public sector organizations. Results show that organizational autonomy and result control affect the degree of internal decentralization, and so, too, do organizational size and age."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["PhD"]

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.2753/PMR1530-9576370307"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++


