+++
title = "The Nexus between Gender and Perceived Career Opportunities: Evidence from the U.S. Federal Government"
date = 2015-07-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Wynen", "Sophie Op de Beeck", "Silke Ruebens"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Public Personnel Management*"
publication_short = "In *Public Personnel Management*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Although the horizontal representation of women in the U.S. workforce has significantly increased, numerous studies have found that there is still a substantial underrepresentation of women at high-level positions. In light of this fact, this article examines differences in perceived career opportunities between men and women in the federal workforce as well as the evolution of these differences between 2006 and 2013. To do this, a heterogeneous choice model is used to examine representative samples of two waves of the U.S. federal employee viewpoint survey. We come to the finding that a difference in perceived career opportunities exists and, surprisingly, that this difference did not decrease or increase during the examined time period."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0091026015588194?journalCode=ppmd"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++


